{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-roman\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid203\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid204\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\vieww14200\viewh18200\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb480\sa120\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 myairportparking.ca Product Requirements
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\f2\b0\fs22 \cf0 version: \'93LemonParty\'94\
September 29, 2011\
Tyson Woeste\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb360\sa80

\b\fs36 \cf0 About this Document\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\b0\fs22 \cf0 This document outlines the goals for a release (nickname: LemonParty) of myairportparking.ca..\
\
The intended audience is a contract developer who will work with Tyson on the site.  This contractor should be very experienced with Drupal theme development.  Some experience with module development is desirable.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb360\sa80

\b\fs36 \cf0 Technology\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\b0\fs22 \cf0 Myairportparking.ca is current running Aquia Drupal 7.8.  It is hosted on the \'93gridserver\'94 package at MediaTemple. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\b \cf0 Project repo:
\b0  git@jimmynail.unfuddle.com:jimmynail/myairportparking.git
\b \
Tickets 
\b0 (probably not used until near the end): http://jimmynail.unfuddle.com/a#/ticket_reports/1
\b \
Specifications
\b0  (such as this document) are in the repo: Top level in the \'93docs\'94 directory.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\b0 \cf0 \
At present, several modules are employed.  They are listed here for easy reference:\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Whatever is in Aquia Drupal distro\
\uc0\u9679 	Token - various modules use this to name things with variables.  Added the non-core module for field token access.\
\uc0\u9679 	Pathauto - used to make nice clean seo loving urls\
\uc0\u9679 	Page_title - used to make nice clean seo loving titles\
\uc0\u9679 	Views - used to generate various list and other views.\
\uc0\u9679 	Advanced help - used by various modules to provide contextual help\
\uc0\u9679 	Ctools- used by Views\
\uc0\u9679 	google_analytics - easy implementation of GA\
\uc0\u9679 	global redirect - Required by path which is required by pathauto\
\uc0\u9679 	Field Group - used to organize fields.  Good for \'93parking lot\'94 node which has a ton of fields.\
\uc0\u9679 	Email field - used in places where we collect and email address\
\uc0\u9679 	Link field - used in places where we collect a url.  Be aware- Tyson has hacked this heavily!\
\uc0\u9679 	Custom Breadcrumbs - control of breadcrumbs\
\uc0\u9679 	Location - used on lots and airports to create location data fields.  I assume this wll be useful later when we do distances and stuff.  For now, just has a nice address field set.  But our data is well formatted.\
\uc0\u9679 	Gmap - works with location to generate google maps\
\uc0\u9679 	Conditional State field - used in complex feilds like the \'9324 hours or other\'94 on lots.  Warning- super early version, needs hand updating.\
\uc0\u9679 	Contact form- used for site wide contact form.\
\uc0\u9679 	Node Reference- creates relationships between nodes.  The way to make an airport a node instead of taxonomy\
\uc0\u9679 	Node Reference URL- a field for Node Reference that sets the field value based on url\
\uc0\u9679 	MultiBlock - allows multiple instances of the same block.  Useful for having the search bar in several places.\
\uc0\u9679 	Backup and migrate - backups up the db regularly.\
\uc0\u9679 	Fivestar - voting on nodes\
\uc0\u9679 	Voting API- used my fivestar\
\uc0\u9679 	Metatags quick  (aka meta tags field)- until proper meta tags module is aviable, this lets us set facebook meta\
\uc0\u9679 	String Overrides - Lets many many default text strings get overwritten.  Used specifically for fivestar rating widget but could be used elsewhere.\
\uc0\u9679 	External Links - adds little icons beside external links\
\uc0\u9679 	Rules- Used to create a new user on comment submission\
\uc0\u9679 	Entity - required by Rules\
\uc0\u9679 	Meta Tag - used for seo and facebook open graph\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb280\sa80
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 Deliverables\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9679 	All work should be version controlled.  Delivery will include pulling the contractors final git branch.\
\uc0\u9679 	New (live) media and things like that will be in the version controlled sites/default/files directory\
\uc0\u9679 	PSD\'92s or similar originals of any supporting files should be in the (version controlled) /docs directory.\
\uc0\u9679 	For database work, contractor should include specific instructions.  Some examples:\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	A list of all new modules and a brief description of the feature they support.\
\uc0\u9675 	Step by step module configuration for the above list\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u9679 	Please write clean code and document well.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \
Some final words about this project...things are to be done the \'93Drupal Way\'94- proper theme development for styling, module develop when necessary.  This site is expected to be the first of several similar businesses.  Each business will have a slightly different theme, but the basic platform will likely be similar.\
\
There will concurrent development on the site.  Probably makes sense to merge branches into each other from time to time to avoid a monster merge at the end.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb280\sa80
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 Product Specification\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 Drupal makes some things easy and some things hard.  Except in very special circumstances, the requirements in this document should be adapted so that they can be easily done in Drupal.  The author thinks he understands Drupal well enough, but is always open to feedback.  Consider the request, think of how it ought to be done within the Drupal framework, and then let\'92s make sure we are doing this the smartest way possible. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb240\sa40
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0\fs22 \cf0 Myairportparking.ca is a site that is designed to attract search traffic for people searching for information on airport parking.  It will (eventually) allow people to reserve a spot online at any participating lot.  The target audience is Canadians (for now).\
\
There are 5 basic page types- home page, meta page, airport page, lot page, search page  Each page type has a different role and goal and features to support this.  Details are outlined below.  Details of each are given here:\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 1.	
\b\fs28 Home\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Example url: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	http://www.myairportparking.ca\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Goals (in order of importance)\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	distribute page rank\
ii.	serve as user navigation hub\
iii.	demonstrate we are a legit business for biz dev with lot owners...ie Look professional.\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Features (in order of importance):\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Link to all main landing pages for spider\
ii.	Provide access to all airports for user\
iii.	Provide a search field\
iv.	[wish list] Provide quick links to 3 airports closest to the user\'92s IP\
v.	[wish list] Auto detect user location, show closest airports on a map\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Designs\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	See file 29092011_home_lemonparty\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 2.	
\b\fs28 Airport/City\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Example url: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	http://vancouver.myairportparking.ca\
ii.	[alternative, tbd] http://www.myairportparking.ca/vancouver/ \
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Goals:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Get search traffic\
ii.	Not bounce\
iii.	Drive search traffic to a lot page for conversion\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Features:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Look like a high quality content page to google, not a thin listing page.\
ii.	interactive gmap showing lots in the area\
iii.	Sorts: price: low to high, Most reviews, Distance to airport\
iv.	Original city and airport write up and information.  Images.\
v.	Faceted navigation as per mocks\
vi.	Breadcrumb\
vii.	Link that allows owners to \'93add a lot\'94.  Prob just an email contact.\
viii.	No pagination\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	
\b Designs\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2
\b0 \cf0 i.	See file 29092011_airport_lemonparty\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	
\b\fs28 Lot\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Example urls: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	http://vancouver.myairportparking.ca/jims-econo-lot\
ii.	[alternative] http://www.myairportparking.ca/vancouver/jims-econo-lot\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Goals:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Convert a user to a reservation-like event (assume we won\'92t be able to book right away)\
ii.	Convince lot owners to sign up with us\
iii.	Convince google we are a real and useful service\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Features:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	gmap showing lot location\
ii.	Pseudobooking (email collection form)\
iii.	Rates for various parking options\
iv.	Several photos of the lot\
v.	Breadcrumb\
vi.	lot logo and address\
vii.	Meta info tabbed area\
\pard\tx2520\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl3\cf0 1.	description\
2.	hours\
3.	cupons\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 viii.	Iconic display of various offered services\
ix.	\'93claim this profile\'94 link with email response form\
x.	Reviews\
xi.	iframed link unit to other nearby lots\
xii.	Search field\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	
\b Designs\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2
\b0 \cf0 i.	See file 29092011_lot_lemonparty\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 4.	
\b\fs28 Search Result\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Example url: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	http://www.myairportparking.ca/?q=search%20terms\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Goals:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Let a user search by free text\
ii.	don\'92t show to bots\
iii.	Get a user to a lot page for conversion\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Features:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Lot and Airport listings that match query\
ii.	Show a static all airports link unit\
iii.	Filter by type- lot or airport\
iv.	Sort by price, reviews\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Designs:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Will use same styles developer for airport pages and will look substantially similar.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 5.	
\b\fs28 Meta\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Example url: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	http://www.myairportparking.ca/contact\
ii.	http://www.myairportparking.ca/lot-owners\
iii.	http://www.myairportparking.ca/faq\
iv.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Goals: \
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Display of simple static information.\
ii.	No search traffic\
iii.	Linked only from the homepage\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Features:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Generic layout and styles available to present varied content\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Designs:\
\pard\tx1800\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls3\ilvl2\cf0 i.	Need to decide on a few core theme styles.  Then these pages just inherit that.\
}